Good evening, everybody.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
I have my sweetheart with me tonight.
I told her we will go ahead and pray and seek the Lord to see what He has for us tonight concerning our nation.
Today, when I was driving around and doing errands, I saw in the spirit a headline in the New York Times.
The caption in bold letters said, 'Terror in Manhattan.
' Thank you, son.
'Terror in Manhattan.
' In the picture, I saw a lot of smoke and a building.
I saw 'Terror in Manhattan' in bold on the front of this newspaper, and below it, 'Terror strikes again in America.
' Then it had the article of what happened.
As I was praying—I guess we're just going to jump right into this to save you time—I saw an umbrella with beautiful colors; it was a protection.
But because of choices that were made, this umbrella had holes all in it.
Decisions being made over the years caused the holes to get bigger and bigger.
The more the umbrella was covering over America, the more people were holding it and were excited to have it because it blocked the storms and the plan of the enemy.
This umbrella was a covering.
As American citizens or people around the world, you have this prayer covering from the churches.
But as you make decisions against God's word, against God's plan, and against what God originally wanted for us, you cause holes in your umbrella.
We repent, and the covering is still there, but there were holes in it because of those decisions.
I saw these holes that were seemingly really small at the beginning, like pinholes, but over the course of time, the holes got larger and larger until the umbrella was no longer there.
The Lord showed me the prayer covering of a home and the importance of the male being the head of the household.
The man brings a covering over it, and the wife provides a prayer covering, too.
There is so much importance in a man leading his family.
The Lord was showing me the importance of righteous men in the household rising up and being what God has called you to be: lead your family, take them to church, pray with your kids, and pray with your wife.
Be a godly spouse.
Speak good things over your children and your wife.
Bless your children and your wife spiritually, physically, and financially.
Whatever you can do, you be that head.
I saw that as America goes, as the church goes, and as big decisions go, that covering—no matter how much we prayed and asked God to cover things—the more unbiblical decisions were made, like those made in New York by the mayor, the more it caused holes.
I saw a terror attack, and the Lord said, 'Do you see the power of prayer, Brandon?
What it does?
It brings that covering.
But because you make unrighteous decisions, you open the door for the enemy.
' I said, 'Lord, I need scriptures.
' He brought up Job and other scriptures that Diana wrote down.
The devil said, 'You've put a hedge around Job and I'm not able to touch it,' but if you remove that hedge, what Job feared the most came on him.
He opened the door through fear; fear tolerated, faith contaminated.
As he was making sacrifices out of fear for his children and acting out of fear, he opened the door for it.
Now, when we have a church covering and you keep praying over it, He showed me the thorns.
Not Hosea, I believe it was in Ezekiel—whoever breaks a hedge, the serpent will bite him.
Okay, that's Ecclesiastes 10:8: 'Whoever breaks a hedge, a serpent will bite him.
' As you break the hedge and that umbrella of covering, it allows the enemy to come in and kill, steal, and destroy.
We have authority, but if you keep making ungodly decisions, and He says, 'I want you to live righteously,' but you are sleeping around while claiming to be a praying Christian, you are opening the door.
That covering gets holes in it because you are allowing sin in.
That is what the Lord was showing me today: the covering of prayer over America as we keep making these bad decisions.
That's what He keeps talking about in 1 Corinthians 5:5.
It is not His will for any of us to perish.
Ladies and gentlemen, you think because you go through a hard time for a season, that is God's judgment.
True judgment is separation from God for eternity.
It's not the day-to-day hard times.
The way the Lord kept showing me was, 'That is not judgment, Brandon.
True judgment is whenever you are going to hell forever and there is no returning.
It's the point where there is no turning back; you are in hell forever.
' The moment you take your last breath and you do not have Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, if you are not a born-again Christian, that is true judgment.
But having a shaking to awaken people—like what I have seen coming—they will all say, 'This is judgment.
God's mad,' and they will call it an Ichabod.
'God has departed from America.
' No, it is people making poor choices and voting unwisely.
They keep thinking they can do these things without repercussions.
I am trying to tell you what I keep seeing.
When I saw the headlines in the paper, I said, 'Oh Lord.
' He said, 'Brandon, do you see the importance of a choice?
Do you see the importance of the prayer covering that you bring over your family?
' That covers you; you have the authority to pray that your family is always in the right place at the right time.
But I am talking about as a city as a whole.
You keep making poor choices and voting in ways that allow the enemy to get a stronghold in an area.
That is why I was praying over these things today.
People might say, 'Brandon, you're being too harsh,' but I am just telling you what I am praying over today.
It is a little raw, but this is what I am seeing in the headlines.
I saw a great shaking coming again.
I keep seeing these things, and quite frankly, it is very sobering.
I even told her, "I could feel such a shifting last night," praying over President Trump and the things I saw.
I'm going to go over some of that, but I was just trying to give you an update of what we saw today as I'm praying.
I want to go over this.
Remember yesterday, we saw a lot about drones last night and the night before.
We kept seeing drones in the sky, and I saw a new wave of terror activity in America using drones from Amazon strapped with explosive devices.
I thought that was interesting because I never see that; I always see them using vans, trucks, or semis, and the Lord keeps telling me to pray over this, but now I'm seeing drones more.
As I've been seeing all these things about drones and praying over New Year's Eve and the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, Braden stumbled upon this.
I'll let you watch this.
This is not a coincidence; this is how we're being led on this channel.
I think it's very interesting what's being said.
Do you have it ready?
This is Fox News.
It's not a coincidence what we've been hearing because they're talking about it, and the Trump administration is already preparing for it—$500 million and doing all the things they can to combat what they believe are credible threats.
We're getting this by the spirit of God.
This news article comes out two days later after we prayed about it.
I thought, "Are they listening to our webcast?
Are these news reporters watching us?
" I don't believe they are, but they could be.
Wouldn't it be neat if Fox News was watching?
Maybe they'll get saved if they're not.
I think it's interesting that we are praying over these things and it's coming up in the news.
This is exactly the assignment the Lord told us about, even concerning New Year's Eve.
When I saw the drone coming in, the Lord said this is related to Ukraine and black swan events—major events to shake New York as we see the deadline of the Trump administration saying we want a deal done on Ukraine concerning the Russia war.
He was saying they want that done by Thanksgiving.
As we see this, I've seen an escalation because Zelensky was looking at Macron and was like, "What do I do?
" He didn't know what to do, and they were trying to come up—and this is what I saw in the spirit.
They wanted the war to keep going because of the suits; I saw these businessmen in suits who were funding it and wanted the war to keep going.
The other part was the tunnels underneath Rome.
I saw old flaming torches lighting the tunnels in Rome underneath the Vatican.
I saw there were tunnels and they were very old.
These tunnels looked like they could have been hundreds of years old, winding deep underground.
They were a representation of something the Lord said was dark.
I saw these—like I said, it was not electric.
It was torches lit on fire like old caves, with a wrap around them in a holder in a tunnel.
I try not to talk about this because it's controversial, but I saw what I saw and the Lord was telling me.
It was right after we prayed about sex trafficking that I saw tunnels, and I thought, "That's dark.
" Braden showed this to me today about President Trump.
President Trump says America is finding its way back to church and to God.
He says more people are praying, churches are coming back, and religion is coming back to America.
To me, that's a big deal.
I was excited, thinking that's exactly what we want for a god-fearing administration.
We need a president who brings prayer back.
People are praying more than ever before.
I know what the Lord showed me: that he would be radically born again, baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire, and speaking in tongues.
There would be a major move of God on his heart.
He's more Christian, in terms of standing for biblical basis things, than any administration has been since I was a kid—maybe Ronald Reagan.
I'm excited to see him walking with his wife.
I'm praying over their marriage, their children, and these things.
Let's go to what we saw last night.
I saw him going to the Winter Olympics, and I saw an octopus.
This demonic octopus came up before me in Europe, and it was trying to cause a smoke screen so that I couldn't see the plans and plots concerning his life.
The octopus spoke to me and said, "I'm not moving," but I said, "You are moving.
You've got to move out of the way, and you don't have a choice.
" As I started to attack that and tell it to move, it let out ink—a black cloud that flooded my viewing area.
I got quiet, wondering what to do as I'd never come across this before.
The Lord said, "Brandon, go up higher.
You've got to go over it.
Come up higher like an eagle and see over it.
" I started praying in the spirit, and he said, "I'm not going to show all of it because it would bring danger to you.
" So he said, I'll show you in part.
So I saw, I go up higher, and then I saw France again and I saw a train station.
Then I saw pastries, a coffee shop, and baguettes, and croissants.
And I saw tables outside where it was like a restaurant, they could sit outside and enjoy their meal.
The Lord was showing me terrorist attacks concerning France.
He said, This does not only have to do with America, but this is concerning Europe.
So, that is what we were praying into last night.
I saw about Europe and I saw Germany, France, and England.
That is when I saw the scorpion again and I saw the king of England like the scorpion coming out and looking at Canada and these places.
I thought that was interesting because people talked about the scorpion and what it represents and the horoscopes and all that stuff, which I do not look at any of that trash.
But I think it is interesting because of the demonic ties to what the Lord is trying to say to me because of Scorpio or whatever they were trying to say.
But the Lord is not using horoscopes.
God is not doing that.
I am trying to tell you all that the devil latches onto that demonic stuff because that is him.
He is the author of confusion, demonic, evil stuff.
So, I thought that was interesting.
What were you going to say?
I was trying to help you.
You saw the escalator in the center.
You saw malls.
Praying over malls.
I saw the center of malls and I heard like fish in a barrel.
They were like fish in a barrel because they were looking and there was nowhere for them to run.
It takes them too long to get away and they had a plan using mass shootings and things like that in malls during the holiday season, not just in America.
This was concerning Rome, Italy, all over the place.
And the Lord said, Pray over this.
I heard them talking; they are like fish in a barrel.
Then I saw something to do with the key word in the underground chats about stocking hats.
Holiday hats, Christmas hats, Christmas elves, and it was something about the Santa Claus hats.
I thought that was interesting because I saw underground chatter again.
We prayed over all that last night.
I felt like we had a lot, like I told you all, I feel like we are icebreakers every single time.
I feel like we just plow right through.
And I believe every time we come together and we pray like this, we are just plowing through that spiritual, demonic ice, and we are taking things down.
But like I said, when it comes to New York in some of these areas, I pray for the people to have wisdom where they are.
I am trying to tell you all that there are holes in their umbrella.
That is what I keep saying.
This prayer covering, there are holes in the umbrella of New York.
And that is what the Lord said, Brandon, do you see that?
I said, Yes, I do.
I see it, Lord.
I am asking for grace and mercy.
I am asking, Father, that the people that are there, there would be a covering over them because I heard terror in Manhattan.
It was in the New York Times: Terror strikes again in America.
And I thought, Oh, this is heavy.
As it is with us, we just keep praying over things, but I try to keep you up to date.
You saw a battle plan.
I saw a battle plan.
It was on a table.
It looked like a table, but these people in the terrorist organizations were strategizing.
I saw the Washington Monument.
I saw these areas and they had them on a map.
But it was interesting that they were all like real-life plastic toys.
It was a model of the White House and they had it all set up looking at each individual thing of where it was on this table almost like Legos.
A 3D model.
Yes.
But then they had one and it was over San Francisco and the Golden Gate Bridge was a part of it.
I could see the bridge but it looked like little plastic models, maybe 3D printouts, Legos, or whatever it was, but they had it on a table and they were strategizing concerning the Fourth of July.
I went to the 4th of July, and it was over the 250th anniversary, and the Lord allowed me to look into this and he said, Pray into the plans concerning it.
It is not the day.
This is a Pearl Harbor experience to catch you by surprise.
He said, Similar to October 7th to catch you by surprise.
He kept saying to expect the unexpected concerning major events in the spirit realm, plots, and so they had this table and they had every single one of something that was important to us as Americans as a model.
But the Lord was circling 250 years of American history in April.
Pray over April 13th.
It was highlighted before me and he talked about Easter.
Orthodox Easter is the 14th, I believe, or the 13th, the day after.
But he highlighted the Jewish Holocaust.
Holocaust Remembrance Day is on Monday, April 13th, 2026.
I was seeing that day highlighted and it was circled.
He said, Pray over that day.
I saw that and I thought, Well, that is a very sad day.
It is Holocaust Remembrance Day.
Why April 13th?
After I went from April, it went clear to July, and he said, Pray over these time frames.
Black swan events, major, and he kept talking about Pearl Harbor event, the Red Dawn experience, the enemy within.
That table was really planned out.
It is like taking graphics and everything, but it was like Lego things so they had a visual, and he was taking a teaching stick and he was pointing to each one, and they were talking about how they could do things and strategizing.
I thought that was kind of interesting.
Some of the things I see are metaphors.
They are symbolic, like Lily, that young girl Diana.
You said she lives in Australia.
It was not about a real Lily.
It was a fragrance, but it was about her name.
I truly believe after we have prayed over that, that is who we are praying for that God would give a supernatural song to.
It is the way the Lord shows with visions and dreams.
A lot of times it is symbolic, but sometimes it is just black and white.
Diana has a lot of cool dreams and prophetic things, and a lot of times it is symbolic.
Good morning, America.
I believe it has to do with the sun coming up and the show concerning the Olympics.
Yes, it was concerning the Olympic Village.
There's something about praying over the Olympics with Good Morning America, and that was the same thing with praying over President Trump if he ends up going to the Olympics.
I don't think that would be smart; I think he should stay home, but we'll just keep him in the prayer covering.
He's never done anything out of fear; he has always been bold as a lion and represented well, even when it comes to going to football games; he just shows up.
So, as I was praying over the Winter Olympics, our president, and the Olympic Village where the athletes stay, I saw massive events during this timeframe.
There is a lot there.
All these different prayer assignments could take days.
But that's why the Lord is assembling so many of us together—you may be prompted in your spirit to pray over something that someone else might not be.
Praying over the parade, Friday's tree lighting ceremonies, and the Washington D.
C.
lighting ceremonies—it’s interesting because every one of us puts our piece together.
It's not all on just one person.
I get excited because the Lord shows so much, and I ask, 'Which one do I attack first?
' The Olympic Village.
But praying over each thing and knowing this is not going to overwhelm me, I keep going.
It can get you tired, though.
After pushing the last couple of days, it's been very heavy.
I told Diana that I vowed to do these videos and pray over our nation.
Praying over Kai, Trump's granddaughter.
You said He has great things in store for the wealth transfer and great blessings on His people.
That's why I was talking about the blessing and the increase on our churches for the multiplication of our seeds.
Was it this video, son, about when He mentioned retribution?
That was one time before, regarding the Trail of Tears.
Those are basically the highlights.
That's 34 minutes of it.
Is that good?
Do you have any questions?
I try not to bombard you, but I think I hit everything pretty well.
I try to be thorough and not boring.
The Lord is teaching me portion control.
I told her tonight that everything is about moderation.
He talks to me about how everyone has stuff they are working on.
Everything in moderation.
Gluttony is about how much you eat until you're full.
He takes the little things and talks to you about them if you listen.
Regarding moderation, I had a big Frito pie because it's cold, but I just took a little bit and ate the greens.
He said, 'You can have just a little of that.
I'm not asking you to have nothing, but I'm asking you to learn portion control.
' I said, 'Portion control?
That's not a word I've ever used before.
' I used to eat mine and Diana's too, but now it's portion control.
The Holy Spirit will lead you into all truth.
The Lord has been putting health on my heart concerning 2026.
There is this water filter system—I don't remember the name, but it's pricey and provides 9.
5 pH water.
That keeps the cancer word out of your body.
It's a purification system that works off your tap and filters water indefinitely.
I thought it was neat studying how to be your healthiest self for 2026, focusing on the longevity of your cells.
He's been talking to me about my health, Diana's health, and my kids' health.
How do we do this better for the body of Christ for what's coming?
The Lord told me concerning this virus that we'll have plagues and pestilence.
This is Matthew 24, and we're not going to stop those things because the Bible says we would see them.
Does that mean it affects you?
No.
I don't believe we're under the curse of the law, but we'll see what Jesus said we would see: wars and rumors of wars.
We aren't going to go against what the Bible said would happen, especially what Jesus said.
He said we would see these things, but it is not the end; it's the beginning of sorrows.
So I'm going to line up with the Word.
I'm not attacking anyone, but if a prophetic word goes against the Word of God, you run away from it.
Period.
Do we have authority over viruses?
Yes, I believe it wholeheartedly.
We are in the end of the end.
Either way, I don't try to contradict the Word.
I want scripture to back up what I'm seeing, like the canopies.
I don't want to be part of prophetic static and clutter because we are leading so many people.
You want with prayer and these things.
I told the Lord, 'What's the standard?
' We have a standard in what we've seen in the past, but those people are going home.
What's the new standard of the Jack Coe, the Oral Roberts, the William Branhams, and the A.
A.
Allens?
We saw that as the standard before, but He said, 'I'm doing something new.
' I said, 'What's the new standard?
What's the new goal?
' We are the trendsetters.
The world's been the trendsetters for long enough.
I thought, 'What does it mean?
' When we look to those people because they're in the past to go, 'Hey, do you remember what they did in their ministry?
'—Kathryn Kuhlman and the greats, what we call the greats: the Kenneth Hagins and the R.
W.
Schambachs.
You go, 'Man, they were something.
' But that was their generation.
What about ours?
Where is it that the people look not at us?
They're looking at Jesus in us, but you become the trendsetter.
You're the one that sets the mark.
Where's the bar?
Who's the Michael Jordan of this generation?
Well, it's LeBron James.
No, I don't believe that.
Come on now.
Do you see where you are with prayer?
Where are the Rachel Teafatillers and the people that prayed in the past, where you come up and you're the next generation and people say, 'Hey, they're the leaders'?
You're the ones taking the baton.
That's why I want to encourage you all: be the trendsetters of this generation spiritually.
Be the ones that are up there.
Not that people put you on a pedestal and ego sets in, but they have something to mirror themselves to say, 'Hey, listen.
I see Jesus in them.
' Not going always back to the past.
God's doing something new in this day and age.
They had their time, but God said, 'I'm bringing in my closers.
I saved the best for last.
' I thought, 'You saved the best for last?
Where are the generals?
' Kim Clement went home.
John Paul Jackson went home.
A lot of these generals that we look to as young people are not here anymore and we're all looking at Jesus and striving to be like Him.
But there's the people like John G.
Lake that you're looking at.
I told D, 'Where's the next generation?
We're the next generation.
Either you've got it or you don't.
' I sat there in the shower looking up and talking, 'Father,' and I stirred myself a bit.
I said, 'Where do you get it?
' He said, 'Brendan, you're only operating in less than 25% of what I've called you to do.
' I said, 'Oh, I'm already getting old.
It's taking all this time.
Lord, I'm only operating in less than 25% of what You've asked me to do.
' I said, 'Lord, I'm so sorry.
How do I get there?
I feel like I've pushed as hard as I could to get where I'm at.
I feel like I'm so far away.
' When You say that to me, I said, 'How?
How?
' He said, 'Consistency.
Every day you put your clothes on, every day you take a bath, every day you eat your meal.
But every day you feed yourself spiritually.
It's the inconsistency.
It's going from glory to glory, son.
It's being consistent with what I've asked you to do and obedience in what I've told you to do and following through.
Follow through with what I've told you to do.
' We're all thinking that it's the big things—the big major thing that's going to get you there.
But it's the small decisions.
It's the small foxes that spoil the vine.
It's not the major grand decision, like moving across America.
It's the small decisions like He's talking about my weight—these little things: your health, what you're meditating on, what you're listening to, who you're hanging around, who's in your inner circle.
Who's in your inner circle that should not be there?
Who's influencing you in your circle—out of your friends, maybe family?
He'll cut.
'I don't want you talking to them much.
I don't want you hanging around them much.
' That may hurt people's feelings.
But for your peace—if it costs you your peace, it's too expensive.
If this is derailing you or your marriage, it's too expensive.
Make sure that—what was it we said?
—if they don't celebrate your presence, let them get accustomed to your absence.
If they don't celebrate your presence, let them get accustomed to your absence.
That's concerning churches; that's concerning whoever.
If they don't celebrate your presence, let them become accustomed to your absence.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all: you've got to look at who's in your inner circle in 2026 that shouldn't be there.
Who's influencing your wife?
Who's influencing your husband?
Who's influencing your kids?
I want so bad to sit at His feet even more in 2026.
I've seen some cool stuff in 2025, but I'm not satisfied here.
I do not want to be where I'm at right now.
After he said, 'You're only operating at 25%,' I went, 'Oh, no.
Lord, help me.
What am I missing?
What am I doing wrong?
Search me and know me, Lord.
How is that even possible at the age that I'm at right now?
That means even if I double it, that's only 50%.
If I double it even in my lifetime, I won't even hardly fulfill what You called me to do.
' I was like, 'Lord, how do I get there?
How do I go from glory to glory faster?
' Obedience.
Spending time with Me.
But don't look at the major decisions as the big grand ones.
It's the small decisions.
Eat a smoothie today, but that hot dog looks really good.
That's what He was talking to me about today.
I went and got the smoothie.
You see, this is where I'm talking about going from glory to glory.
I'm trying to keep you alive, son.
If you listen to Me, you'll have long life.
Most people get upset if they die and go home early.
He said, 'I told you the willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
I told you to follow My voice and listen to the instructions that I have for you.
Drink the right things.
Don't drink diet soda all the time.
Diet soda was my thing.
I love Coke Zero and I used to chug down Coke Zero all the time.
' He said, 'You're done with that.
' I said, 'Well, yeah, it gave me a headache anyway.
' But I sure like that, and it doesn't have high fructose corn syrup.
He said, 'Cut soda out.
You're done.
' aspartame—it's bad.
It's bad.
And she said, 'You're done.
You're done.
Don't drink any more diet sodas.
' That's what He said to me.
Stop it.
And so I did it.
I've been obedient.
I haven't touched them this year.
I'm telling you, it was hard because a Sonic Route 44 Coke Zero with a little splash of vanilla in that was my jam.
I loved it.
I told her, 'I've got to have my Coke.
' But I stopped it.
It wasn't easy.
But it's the small decision.
That was probably huge because some of y'all are going, 'Oh my God.
' But it was a deal for me, and I stopped it.
I'm just trying to say: what is it about your 2026?
What are the things you can tweak to come up higher in your relationship with the Father?
Have a better marriage.
How have a better love life?
You know, you date your wife again, date your husband again.
Don't let things—well, we've been together for 30 years, 40 years, 50 years—it's just kind of getting old.
Been with her forever.
I know everything about her.
Find something new.
Keep your marriage spicy.
Don't allow it to become stagnant.
It's your choice.
And I told her, I said, "We've got to date each other like we were when we were kids.
Pretend like you don't have me.
It's the truth.
Pretend you don't have me.
I pretend I don't have you.
" That we're pursuing each other.
But make sure that you keep your marriage fresh.
Bring back that spark.
You've got to keep your flame fanned.
Keeping things fresh.
Don't become accustomed to your wife.
Don't become accustomed to your husband and take them for granted.
There's so many people that are messing around on their wife or their husbands and they're having adultery situations in the body of Christ.
How many marriages?
They said 75% or more of all marriages end in divorce in the body of Christ—or more was the statistics—especially with kids with special needs in the body of Christ.
We've got to come up higher.
We've got to be the trendsetters.
I refuse to be a statistic.
And I saw, you know, what did their mama overcome?
They have diabetes.
They have heart disease.
They have all these things going on.
I started going, "Well, you know what?
Well, it's just part of generational.
" No, I refuse to think that way.
The Lord is just talking to me about longevity.
So, I don't know, I just try to tell you all the things the Lord's dealing with me about because I want us to be successful and be champions like we're always taught at church.
You want to be a champion.
I want to be great in the eyes of the Father that He'll say, "Well done.
You finished, you lived long, you finished strong.
" And we lived in 2025.
We started out and we say, "Listen," and He even said, "Brandon, you do this for a year.
Look at what it's going to do.
It's going to start changing generational stuff.
" Drinking more water.
You know, I drink tea.
Drink these things.
Tea's just dyed water—is that what you say?
Well, yeah.
Let's face it, to me, I like unsweet tea.
I can drink it like water.
She says it's just dyed water, Brandon.
I can drink unsweet tea all day long, more than water.
But there's water in it, so I consider it water.
Be the best you.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Start this year.
We've got four weeks left.
Start out with your mindset changing—changing things of getting out of debt.
Changing things of how do you get your marriage better?
And that's my main focus is always trying to make our marriage better and keep us going, and saying, "Listen, how do we?
" And that's why we survived with a child with special needs.
Like I said, 75% of all marriages quit in divorce, especially with a child with autism.
And I told her, I said, "I refuse to be a statistic.
" You know, how bad do you want change in your life?
And that's why so many people said, "Brandon, how do you hear God?
How do you have a relationship with the Father?
" I don't look at it as a chore.
I really enjoy praying.
I really enjoy spending time with Him.
And Diana and I always talk about—she goes, "Brandon, is that something that's always been inside of you?
Have you always been that way?
" I said, "No, I think it's like some people say: Brandon, when you eat greens, you start getting a habit of eating greens because it starts—I say it tastes like trash, but I want to eat it more.
You start craving it.
" And what you feed on the most, you crave.
And I really believe it's the truth.
The more I crave Him, the more I read books—these little books.
We had somebody send us a bunch of them.
The more I crave Him, the more I seek Him, the more I find Him.
And I just encourage every single one of you in this little time I always spend with you talking to you a little bit to crave Him.
Find Him this year.
He said, "Those that seek Me will find Me.
" That has a—it's showing pursuit.
Those that seek Me will find Me.
That means you're pursuing.
You're in hot pursuit.
How bad, how desperate do you want it?
And to me, it's like these little things that He tells me to do because He wants me to live.
He goes, "Brandon," and in my dreams He'll talk to me.
"I'm trying to tell you this because I want you to stay alive.
I have much for you to do.
I'm not trying to be mean.
I just want you to live long and finish strong.
" And I say, "Okay.
" I gave you a little girl that loves to cook.
Buy salmon and some greens and have her do it and get practice and tell her to watch YouTube videos on how to cook it.
And Paisley would go in there because Diana's slamming busy.
I mean, all the time.
I told her, I said, "Are you okay to talk?
Because I know you all keep her spinning.
" I go, "Good Lord, these people.
" But I'm thankful for it and I'm not complaining.
But I'm so thankful because even whenever it's like cooking and Paisley learning how to make breads and things like that, she is gifted at it.
She is really gifted at it.
And she goes, "Daddy, look what I made you today.
" It was sitting in there and I said, "What did you make me?
" She said, "I got that salmon in there and she cooked it all up and she had it—I watched how to make it to perfection.
" She went in there, she goes, "Did I put too much salt?
" I said, "Oh, it was a little bit that time.
" But that was okay.
It was good.
But she's practicing.
And last night after I got finished, I was hungry and that salmon was waiting and she had that little meat there and the little stuff and it was perfect.
And I went, "Wow, good job.
" She's one of those chefs that doesn't have to measure.
She just eyeballs it and she knows.
She's good at it.
Yeah, she's very good at 10 years old.
She is a cooking machine, man.
I was like, "Wow, look at you.
" She goes, "I made the dessert.
I'm not eating it.
Don't make me desserts no more.
" Because she can make cake like—oh my goodness, I taught her homemade cakes.
I taught her how to mill the flour and she mills flour and she can make...
and I didn't realize how many different kinds of wheats there were.
"What's my favorite wheat?
The berry.
The mill.
It's not the millet.
" "I think you like the hard white, right?
" Yeah.
But there's all kinds of different kinds of wheats that Paisley mills the flour and does all things.
She's been doing it for a while now, well over a year, but just listening and following things and listening to people.
So, that's what I had for y'all.
I know it's probably boring, but I'm trying to help inspire you to come up higher in 2026.
Don't live another day like you did in 2025.
Kamut, that's what you like.
Kamut.
Yeah, Kamut is the bomb.
Think about it.
So, all right.
Well, you want to pray?
Who wants to go?
Ben?
And I know I'm probably like, "Shut up, Brandon.
" But hey, somebody might get blessed off of it.
You know, you aren't hearing a lot of this stuff in church—people just being real with you, living this faith walk and living Christianity and doing it and being successful at it.
Most of the leaders are not touchable.
You go to a mega church and they're off the platform in five seconds and you don't even get to hear what they're saying.
They'll tell you a little bit of a sermon for 30 minutes, but it's usually just to motivate you in your little way.
You've got to keep your flame fanned.
I want us to be successful and be champions like we're always taught at church.
And He even said, Brandon, you do this for a year.
She says it's just dyed water, Brandon.
And that's why so many people said, Brandon, how do you hear God?
But I'm so thankful because even whenever it's like cooking and Paisley learning how to make breads and things like that, she is gifted at it.
She goes, Dad, I made the dessert.
I taught her how to mill the flour and she mills flour and she can make, you know, and I didn't realize how many different kinds of wheats there was.
But there's all kinds of wheats that Paisley mills the flour and does all things.
Kamut, that's what you like.
Of course !
But is it really there to make you strong?
I feel like there's a lot of anemic people.
Diana and I have walked through the fire, and—I'm going to use the word—it sucks.
There have been some very hard times, especially raising a child with special needs and going through things and thinking, "How are we going to make it?
" Living on food stamps like we did for years, being a janitor, and her going through college and doing all the things that we've done, but we've made it work.
And we always keep the main thing the main thing: keeping him first.
And that's what I've tried to be—always that anchor in my house—to say, "Listen, we're going to serve God.
We're going to pray as a family.
We're going to take communion.
We're going to seek him on Sundays.
We're going to seek him on Mondays.
We're going to seek him.
And we're not just going to have a 30-minute sermon and out.
We're going to make this real to us.
" And the only way this is going to happen is if we go to a foundation, if we make this our spiritual gym that we do every single day.
And we don't seek God like everybody else.
We seek him.
That's why I have visitations from him.
And if there is anybody I would try to listen to, I try to listen to myself.
And I don't mean that in an arrogant sense.
But what we have is real and it's authentic.
Even when people come over to work on the house, they go, "We feel the presence of God in here.
" I say, "What do you feel?
" "Peace.
" And they start passing out on the couch if they sit down because they're looking for something.
They find peace.
And they'll lay down and they're out.
I say, "Isn't that funny?
They're finding their rest.
" I want a place that Jesus can visit and where he feels comfortable with worship going on in the house.
Praise.
I say this house is a house of prayer.
And I don't just let everybody come over.
You know, you set your boundaries.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
This is a house.
I don't want your drama.
So, I limit drama and how much I have in my life.
It's too expensive for me.
I've got to stay on that—I want to go vertical so that I hear him so well.
I can't afford in the natural not to hear him.
I need him.
And drama causes distraction.
I don't want drama.
But I refuse, because I told her, "I don't make any decision—physically, financially, whatever—without having prayed about it first," even going around people.
I listen, "Is that at peace with you?
Is it okay?
" And I question it all the time.
I inquire of the Lord about everything.
I do.
And it's to the point where some people might think that's obnoxious.
I inquire of the Lord.
"What's today hold?
What do you have?
Where do you want us to go to church?
Where do you want us to be?
" I don't just go to church where I want to go to church; I go to church where he tells me to go.
"I want you to go here.
" "Well, I don't like going there.
" "Well, that's where I want you to go.
" Okay.
Do you know how long I stayed at a church I could not stand until I found a church that I liked?
Because he finally released me and then finally I was like, "Thank God, I like—you know, we can get something from here.
" But we worked for a church that we didn't get anything out of for—was it 14 years?
And it was rough.
But he said, "Stay, pray, do what I've asked you to do.
" And I inquired of him, "When, Lord?
" and then he said, "Go here.
" And I'm so thankful.
And you go to the places and now you go, "Oh, this is refreshing.
I'm so appreciative.
" You appreciate the green pasture versus where you were, and you go, "Oh, Lord, you have—" you don't ever complain again.
You go, "Oh, God.
" Seriously, y'all, ain't that right?
And you go, "Thank God for certain places now.
" Right.
Yeah.
Thank God.
And I try never to persuade you where you should go to church, ever.
That's for the Holy Ghost to tell you.
But some people, you tell me where you go to church and I go, "I would run as fast as I could.
" Oh, no.
But maybe the Lord's assigned you there.
I just go, "Okay, we'll pray.
Let's pray.
Ready?
" It's an hour.
I'm just resting a little bit talking because when I pray the way I do and I'm seeing y'all, it's like putting 500 pounds on your back and running up a mountain.
And when I get done, there's a lot of times I just crash.
And I told Diana, "It's nice because Brandon likes to talk and just be friends with y'all.
" It's just like—it's okay.
I'm not delaying it; I'm just talking because I know it's coming.
I know what he asked me to do.
Hi, Diana.
She's always quiet.
"Well, I don't know, you put me on the spot.
" Does anybody else here like unsweet iced tea?
Yeah.
Most said they like hot tea, which—I like iced tea, but they like hot tea.
He likes hot tea, too.
I'm not really a hot tea person; I'm an iced unsweet tea person.
Some people say, "I like honey in it.
" Ooh, honey sounds good.
I like honey.
Here we go.
Hack two.
Especially like Manuka honey.
Talking about tea.
I love honey.
It's like a bear.
But not anymore.
"You eat too much.
" I said—Diana goes, "Do you realize how many calories you're eating in that honey?
" I said, "Well, it's all natural.
It's good.
" And she said, "No, it's not.
It's not good.
You can't even do a couple.
You can't do that.
" I said, "But it's all good, organic.
It's okay, baby.
It's organic.
" She said, "It's organic, is it?
But look at the calorie count on a tablespoon.
" I said, "Oh, but boy, honey's nice.
" I got to make big changes.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for how good you've been to me.
Just being real, Lord.
People have so many issues and Father, you've delivered us from all of it.
I know in my heart what you've said in your word and I do the best I can to follow it with all my heart.
Father, we train up a child in the way they should go, and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
We pray, we seek you, we find—and you say we find you now.
Father, I thank you that you become so real to the people on the other side of this camera.
There's so many people that are just looking for a God they can talk to.
They have their grandma's religion of the hermeneutics, theology, the Pharisee—you know, it's so bound.
But God, you're not in that box; you're way out here.
And you just want to be a friend.
I just want a God I can talk to.
I just want to be friends.
And I want you to feel comfortable visiting me.
That Father, that you become more real to me than the air that I breathe.
You become more real to me than the food that I partake of every day.
And Father, I thank you that you're the life source of me.
You're my life source spiritually, physically, mentally, emotionally, financially.
You're everything that I ever need.
But Father, in that, I thank you that I die to myself.
I die daily.
I thank you, Father, that I lay down everything before you.
Diana lays down everything before you.
And we're so grateful for all that we have done and all that you continue to do in us.
And when you say 25%, Lord, I have so much to do, so much to grow, so much to accomplish for you.
I thank you, Father.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
Lord, you're so beautiful.
You're so wonderful.
I sit at your feet and I rest in you.
I thank you, Father, that we're the best we can be to show the people as an example.
This is all you've got to work with; use what you can.
Thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for every single one of them.
There's so many people that are so desperate for revelation knowledge of you, to have a relationship with you.
They're so desperate.
Their marriages are broken.
Their marriages are barely hanging on.
They're ready to get a divorce.
I'm giving it to 2026.
I just heard that.
I'm giving it to the first of 2026, and if things don't change, I'm out of here.
You've said that in your heart.
I hear you.
The Lord is allowing me to hear you.
I'm going through the holidays.
You say, 'If I just make it through the holidays, then I'll evaluate it at the first of the year.
' I have these children.
I see them.
They're young.
And if I can just make it to the first, I don't want them to go through the Christmas season like this.
I'm going to make this my New Year's resolution: to get a divorce.
I want a divorce.
That's what you're saying.
In fact, you've already contacted the attorneys, but God wants to bring a freshness on you.
God wants to restore what the cankerworm has eaten from you.
It's not for you to divorce.
There's no abuse there.
There's no adultery there.
It's just a devil that has caused you to be like this.
You fight, but God wants to restore back what the devil has eaten.
Oh, Father, we put You first in our marriages.
We put You first in our homes.
Isn't it interesting?
The heart of the Father tonight is about marriage.
I sure love you.
But do you see what I just feel is a pause?
There's somebody—there's desperation in these marriages tonight.
There are so many people that are just ready to give up on their marriage.
There are so many people ready to give up on their kids.
Just, 'I'm walking out.
I don't care if she raises them or not.
If I see him every other week or once a month, I don't care.
I'm out of here.
She can have them.
I'll give her child support.
' I hear you.
The Lord is allowing me to hear you.
There's so much hurt inside of you.
'Well, she doesn't do what she should do in the marriage bed.
' She shouldn't do that.
'He doesn't do this to help me around the house.
' There's so much stuff I hear.
Come unto Him.
Bring that freshness to Him.
He wants to bring a freshness to you.
He is the river of living water.
The Master's here.
So, you're very upset that you can't get pregnant.
You haven't been able to have a baby and you're wanting a baby so bad that you're willing to divorce because you can't conceive.
That's hard.
But God's bringing a healing to the bodies.
And in 2026, I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'Believe Me, sow a seed concerning this.
Sow a seed, a financial seed, a sacrificial seed.
I see this: into your church, the children's ministry.
Sow into your children's ministry at church and designate the funds.
' Say, 'This is for the children's ministry,' and watch what God does by this.
I call healing over that body right now in Jesus' name.
I call healing over their bodies right now in Jesus' name.
And we bless the children, that You open the womb.
We call all blockages of the uterus, scarring over the ovaries, over the sperm.
We say in the name of Jesus, too acidic.
I heard 'too acidic.
' The woman is too acidic.
It's like it's the culprit.
It is pH.
We call pH to be normal.
It's causing you not to be able to conceive.
We call healing over that body right now in Jesus' name.
We call deliverance over that body right now in Jesus' name.
It's like the food you're eating because I see the foods and you eat the same things.
This is because of a habit.
You've been eating this certain way and whenever you do this, it's causing your body to react this way.
More water—I see water.
We thank You, Lord, that You're bringing healing and You bring wisdom to what's causing this.
I thank You, Father, for deliverance concerning this.
God, we thank You.
That was interesting.
The Lord just showed so much right then and I had seen it all so close—the people, and there's so much pain, so much disappointment.
Father, we give You praise.
Healings in their bodies.
I see—it's like over the top of the head there is a huge-looking worm that is thick, like a gray-looking worm.
At the tip of the worm's face, it has a black—it's black like a magic marker pen.
But as it's wrapped around your head, there is like a storm above this thing.
This is like a generational thing.
And I see this like a third marriage.
This is like something your mother did, but this is something that has just been passed down.
It's like a generational thing.
We anoint them with oil and we tell that demonic spirit to leave them alone, that they break it off.
They make a choice and they change.
They make the choice to change.
Renew your mind with the Word of God.
It's not all just about casting a devil out.
You must renew your mind with the Word of God.
The Bible has dust on it.
I see it.
Your Bible has dust on it.
You barely touch it.
It's not a suggestion.
Reading your Bible is not a suggestion.
When it's convenient—you know what I'm talking about—like a suggestion.
'Well, you know, the Lord said to do it.
I guess it's a suggestion.
' That's what I'm hearing for many of you.
It's not a suggestion to read your Bible to maintain a spiritual walk with Him.
So He's saying it's not a suggestion, right?
It's a command.
It's serious.
I feel like I've said this before.
You know when you feel like you've been there before?
I've heard this: what you invest in yourself.
Invest in your spiritual walk.
Invest in yourself this year.
Invest your time.
Invest the time to change, to go from glory to glory.
Find Bible studies or a devotional.
Thank You, Holy Spirit.
Get a good devotional and read that devotional and invest the time.
Look what a thirty, sixty, or a hundredfold return back.
You'll say, 'Well, I don't have time.
' Watch what God does to give you extra time when you give Him first place.
Watch what He'll do with your time.
He'll stretch it like a rubber band.
Even just give Him 30 minutes.
Father, I love You.
We worship You.
All right, He's wanting to go a different direction now.
Father, we take this body right now in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before You.
We thank You, Lord, for all that You've done and all that You're going to do.
And during this holiday season with these people, with their families, with their friends, with their relatives, Father, we call peace in their homes.
We call peace in their homes—that there's no strife, there's no bitterness, there's no jealousy, there's no pride.
All the things, Father, they cast it down.
We thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for everything You said You'd do and all that You've done so far.
Thank You, Father.
Are you healed and whole?
First Peter, Father: 'He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes we are healed.
' When the even had come, they brought unto Him many that were possessed with the devil, and He cast the spirits out with the Word that it might be fulfilled what was spoken by the prophet Isaiah: 'He himself took our infirmities and bore our sicknesses.
' I believe, Father, that we're healed and whole and well.
I believe, Father, that by Your stripes we're healed in Jesus' name.
Lord, thank you for the blood.
We apply the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we thank you, Father, that tonight again, we take communion.
And we do it because we love you.
And we're so thankful for all that you've done for us.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
We repent of our sins.
And you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Well, I almost forgot to take it.
I was praying over my mind if he wanted to show me anything, but I stepped out over the water first.
You want water?
Oh, Lord, concerning this nation now, is there anything you want to show me?
That's a really cool looking angel.
Why in the world?
I'm seeing all these strange looking angels lately.
This one looks like stone.
It has the color of stone, but it's a dark looking rock.
But it's the same color as opal.
His armor looks like opal.
What is this, Lord?
It's the one that he's assigned to you.
Do you have a message?
For faith works by love.
Faith works by love.
That's what he just said.
What else?
He's talking to this.
He said, "For faith works by love.
" Many of you, your faith's not working because you're not abiding in love.
Make love priority.
Make love foundation and your faith will soar.
Crawl and you will grow.
Grow spiritually as you walk in love.
He is so cool looking, Diana.
His armor is opal.
Faith works by love.
I feel the presence of the Lord so strong, but I see it.
And the opal is coming out of him and it's turning.
The light is turning and it's all this opal.
Okay, I see the armor.
But as he said, faith works by love.
All this light turned to opal color and the opal's turning and the colors are turning.
It almost looks like a vortex.
What is the opal, Lord?
What is this beautiful color?
There are so many different colors.
And then there are green emeralds.
I've never seen an emerald shine like that ever.
There's a light inside of the emerald.
Like you see stone, but there's actually a light source inside of the emerald and it's shining from the inside out.
I see at the...
whatever, he was standing there, he had this flaming sword of fire but it went up, but it wasn't like fire like you see in your fireplace.
This was fire that was so fire it looked like a lightning bolt.
And there were emeralds.
You know where you hold the handle?
There were emeralds on this handle that was golden.
There was this gold that was pure gold, but it was light.
But these emeralds were on each individual part of this handle that the light was shining through this flaming fire sword and that's what he was holding in his hand.
But he said faith works by love and as I saw his chest and each one...
Okay.
Do you know like whenever you see like a snake skin how each individual thing like...
the armor was not like scales.
I'm trying to describe the way the armor of his is scalloped.
Look, his armor on his chest, it's scalloped.
It's like this, like little medieval looking, but it was opal.
And the armor was alive in itself and it was turning.
How do you tell?
The armor was a part of him, but the armor as his chest was, it was alive.
It was moving.
It was like a lava lamp.
It was like stars, like galaxies.
It was like you could see the universe turning in this angel's armor.
His armor, but it was opal.
And he spoke and I heard him say, "Faith works by love.
" Many of your faith is not working because you're not walking in love like you should.
Get a foundation of love.
It goes along with the marriages.
Yeah.
Just like that, baby.
They're scales.
Armor scales.
But it was opal.
And it was moving like turning.
It was turning.
And it was like a vortex, like a black hole.
Like you're turning, like you're flushing a toilet.
I don't know how else to say, like the water's going like this, but it's turning.
It's turning in his armor and it's opal.
But it was not like what you just showed in that picture, son.
That right there looks like his armor, but the opal was beautiful.
It's brilliant.
Look right there.
You're looking at it right there.
Like opalescent, like that.
Do you see that right there?
That's what I'm talking about.
It's that.
It's beautiful colors all inside of his armor like this.
Nope.
Like what's on his thing right there?
It's bigger, brighter colors.
They're very bright.
They're very vibrant colors on his thing.
And it had emeralds all on the handle that were shining from the inside out like glowing.
There was a light source inside of these emeralds.
But he looked like stone.
His skin is like...
do you know what I'm talking about?
It looks kind of like a gray color.
Well, thank you, Lord, for letting me see.
Thank you, Lord, for the angels.
For that faith works by love.
Faith works by love.
He said, "I've been assigned to you.
" He was talking about me.
He said, "I have been assigned to you today.
" And he said he has a message.
That was the message that he had.
Tell the people, tell the people faith works by love.
It's what's attached to the greater glory.
I see all heaven is standing still.
This is attached to the greater glory.
Love, love, love.
Love is attached to the greater glory.
For love, perfect love, casteth out all fear.
For God so loved the world.
God is love.
It's who he is.
Glory be.
Eye has not seen, I hear, no ear has heard, nor entered into the heart of man the things that God has in store for them.
I hope I didn't butcher that, but you've not seen on the angelic host what was on...
no one has seen.
You've barely touched it.
The angelic host.
The angelic aid and assistance.
I don't know the things that God has in store for them, for them that fearfully love him, that you love him.
We love him because he first loved us.
I just keep looking at this angel.
He looks so cool.
It's like he's in the universe.
He's like a galaxy traveler.
I see the heavens above, but there's an open heaven.
Heaven is invading earth.
But the message is walk in love.
Love is attached to the glory.
Love is attached to the manifestation of the glory.
Love.
How do you love your brother?
How do you love your brethren?
Where is your love walk?
Where is your love?
It's First Corinthians 13.
Yeah, First Corinthians.
Love.
The love chapter.
If I could take and put this on a screen for you all, what I'm seeing right now, it's absolute...
he's standing at attention.
He has these massive wings.
He's standing at attention.
He has massive wings and he's looking towards the heaven.
He's looking toward heaven.
He has a horn with a royalty banner hanging off the tip of it.
The other four angels I saw before that were like waterfalls didn't have it; they looked spooky.
This angel is glorious, but his horn is standing there ready, and he's waiting for the command to blow it.
He's turned his face toward heaven, and his body is halfway turned; I can see the edge of heaven.
I can see into heaven; it's glorious.
Take hold of that which He has for you.
Take hold.
He has the magenta pennant and the horn, and he's waiting to blow it.
I see that one hand is holding a sword and the other hand is holding the horn.
There is a golden thing hanging off the horn that has golden embroidery on the outside of it.
There is a purplish-red color, like blood, hanging off this horn.
It's like a tapestry with a golden stripe, like a golden W, attached to the golden horn.
He's holding it and waiting to blow the horn while holding a sword in his other hand, watching guard.
This angel is ginormous now.
The words he spoke were about love, attached to the glory.
Faith works by love, and heaven is invading earth.
What's interesting is his skin is changing.
It goes from a stone color and changes like the opal on the shield on his chest.
It's turning; his skin is changing like a gyroscope.
His armor is a beautiful opal color, and his skin changes from a light flesh color to a stone color.
All of him changes at once as he's holding this embroidered thing on his horn and looking up.
The words he spoke were, 'Faith works by love.
' And he spoke, 'Hold fast.
Hold fast to what God has called you to do.
Hold fast to your marriages and to what He's promised you.
Faith works by love.
Hold fast, Diana, to that which He's called you to do.
Hold fast.
' To hold fast means to stay firm, remain steadfast, and not let go, especially during difficulty.
He's talking about marriages tonight.
Hold fast to the covenant He's brought you to; remain tightly secured.
Continue to believe or adhere to a principle.
He is the coolest-looking angel I've ever seen.
I kid you not; we are so excited to go home with our King.
Deuteronomy says, 'Fear the Lord your God and serve him.
Hold fast to him and take your oaths in his name.
' Heaven is invading earth.
He's on the edge of earth and the edge of heaven.
I can see all the beautiful stars; he's in outer space, right there in between, waiting to blow the horn.
Last week we saw four, and this week we see one more.
The other four were like waterfalls and were spooky, but this guy is really cool-looking.
His face is pronounced and his hair is shoulder-length and thick.
There are a lot of 'hold fast' scriptures in the Bible; it's a good word.
'Hold fast for what I've called you to do.
' Walk in love; it's the foundation.
Love never fails.
Love bears up under anything and everything.
Love is the foundation of the glory.
Everybody's waiting for this last outpouring—the former and the latter rain together.
Faith works by love.
God is love; it's not just what He does, it's who He is.
God is light, and in Him there is no darkness at all.
There is no darkness in the Father.
He is light; He is love.
God loved you and me, and He gave His life for every single one of us.
That angel said, 'I have been assigned to you today.
' His sword was amazing.
One hand was ready to blow the horn, and the other was ready to protect.
He didn't have a shield; he had a horn, a sword, and armor that was turning and moving in color.
His arms were muscular, and his trapezius muscles were massive and thick on his neck.
His face was very defined and his hair was perfect, kind of like Dragon Ball Z hair—thick and cool.
It's a thousand-year reign.
If you're not on the Lord's side, you are being silly.
For there are more with us than there are with them.
He's sending His angels, and he's ready to blow his horn again.
What are they waiting for?
Heaven is invading earth.
Lord, is there anything else you want to show us tonight?
I know we're going long, Lord, but that's fine with me.
I love looking at that.
I'll camp there.
Just want to go.
Okay, now I'm seeing New York again.
There's a shaking within.
I see the building on the 44th floor again.
I see the shaking...
I see fires all around New York again.
Molten.
Babe, I hear he's talking about...
I can hear it in the atmosphere.
He said that he's talking about the angel in the great Mystery Babylon.
Can you find that?
Please read that to me.
I hear him.
They're talking about Mystery Babylon.
That's what that angel's doing, baby.
I see him again.
He's waiting on the assignment.
He's listening.
When you read it, read this out loud.
Go ahead.
Okay.
It's in Revelation 17:1-7.
One of the angels who had the seven bowls came and said to me, 'Come, I will show you the judgment of the great harlot.
On her forehead, a name was written: Mystery Babylon the Great.
' And then Revelation 18:1-2.
After these things, I saw another angel coming down from heaven with great authority, and he cried mightily with a loud voice, saying, 'Fallen, fallen is Babylon the Great.
' Is it the angel who explains the mystery of Babylon?
I believe what I'm seeing is the one that announces it.
Okay, that's Revelation 18.
Let me go over there.
Because I went and I could see that opal go.
And after these things, I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power, and the earth was lightened with his glory.
And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, 'Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.
For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies.
' And I heard another voice come from heaven, saying, 'Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.
For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities.
Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works.
In the cup that she has filled, fill to her double.
How much she hath glorified herself and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her.
For she said in her heart, "I sit a queen and am no widow and shall see no sorrow.
" Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death and mourning and famine, and she shall be utterly burned with fire.
For strong is the Lord God who judges her, and the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication and live deliciously with her, shall bewail her and lament for her.
For they shall see the smoke of her burning, standing afar off for the fear of her torment, saying, "Alas, alas, that great city Babylon, that mighty city, for in one hour is thy judgment come.
" And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her.
For no man buyeth her merchandise anymore: the merchandise of gold and silver and precious stones and of pearls and fine linen and purple and silk and scarlet and all thyine wood and all manner vessels of ivory and all manner vessels of most precious wood and of brass and iron and marble and cinnamon and odours and ointments and frankincense and wine and oil and fine flour and wheat and beasts and sheep and horses and chariots and slaves and souls of men.
And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all.
The merchants of these things which were made rich by her stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing and saying, "Alas, alas!
That great city that was clothed in fine linen and purple and scarlet and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls.
For in one hour so great riches is come to nought.
" And every shipmaster and all the company in ships and sailors and as many as trade by sea stood afar off and cried when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, "What city is like unto this great city?
" And they cast dust on their heads and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, "Alas, alas, that great city wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness.
For in one hour she was made desolate.
Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets, for God hath avenged you on her.
" And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone and cast it into the sea, saying, "Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down and shall be found no more at all.
"' 'Do I continue reading?
' 'No, you're fine.
I feel the presence of the Lord so strong.
' 'Well, I can keep reading.
' 'You're fine.
I see something that looks like amber, and in it, there is amber that looks like it's bubbling.
And the amber, whenever you were reading that, I was looking at this and it looked like a snow globe.
Inside of this was amber that looked like honey.
It was dripping when you were talking about Mystery Babylon.
I could see the amber and I actually had a dragon's hand over it.
But then I saw a stone that came out and it was a dragon's face.
I could see the eyes; it looked like a dragon—a medieval dragon that has scaly skin and eyes.
It was something out of a movie.
It was down at water level by the ocean and it came up out of the ocean—this dragon face that was in the rocks of the ocean.
It came up out of there, and as you were reading that, I could see this amber.
Like you see dragon's claws on its hands, it was grabbing a hold of this ball that was bubbling with this amber in it and it came up out of the ocean.
I said, "God, I don't know what I'm seeing.
" But it was interesting because when he was reading about Mystery Babylon, the angel disappeared, but I saw a dragon and it looked like stone again.
It was completely stone.
It came from the rocks and got eyes, and it's like it was there the whole time, but it came up out of the water's edge of the ocean.
All of a sudden it came up and became alive.
Say you see a cliff like this and down below there's a bunch of rocks—it was in those rocks and it was waiting.
It was alive.
And all of a sudden, its mouth opened up and the ocean filled it.
The ocean filled that dragon's mouth.
But as it opened it up, I saw the amber.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I don't know what that was.
All I saw was he started breathing on the ocean when he was reading that passage.
All glory to Jesus.
Faith works by love.
Lord, is there anything else you want to show us tonight?
We're getting so close to your return.
And you're warning the people.
It's time to come up higher in your walk.
Hold fast that which I've told you to do.
Hold fast to your confessions.
Hold fast.
Contend.
Be a contender.
Don't back down.
Fight for what God has told you.
I'm going to have what he said I could have.
I can do what the Bible says I can do.
I'm a contender.
I hold fast.
I will lack no good thing the Father has for me.
I will walk in the full manifestations of the glory.
I will walk in what God has for me and my church for this prayer group.
We will walk in all of it.
We will lack no good thing on this prayer channel.
We will have everything the Lord has for us, and we will do it with excellence and with great victory.
That angel of the Lord was absolutely amazing.
I've never seen an angel look like that before.
When you think you've seen it all, then you say, "Well, my goodness, look at that.
" It's funny thinking you've seen it all.
Every single thing is always so different.
Heaven is a place that is beyond human comprehension.
These angels are not just playing harps like Cupid; they are warriors.
They are amazing.
If you look at this earth and how amazing he created everything—God's imagination, the way he thinks—his thoughts are not our thoughts.
His ways are higher than our ways.
Creating angels that look like that...
his thoughts are not our thoughts.
His ways are higher than our ways.
He's exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
When I look at stuff like that, I go, "How'd you think of that?
That's cool.
" You created that angel.
I would like to talk to him more.
But all he said was, "I have something to say to you.
Tell them this.
" And what he said was scripture.
You say, "Well, that was an earth-shattering word.
" An angel came to say, quoting scripture: "Perfect love.
" What is it?
Everything.
Foundational love.
Love never fails.
Faith works by love.
As you look at that huge waterfall behind us, ladies and gentlemen, something major is about to happen.
I don't want to leave it.
I know it's almost two and a half hours, but I just don't want to leave it.
I just got an impartation.
I felt it.
A change from the inside out.
You can feel it.
When you see like that, it changes you.
You'll never be the same.
How could you?
When you're looking in the spirit like that on the edge of heaven, you'll never be the same.
I'm excited.
We're on the verge of something major, y'all.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds.
Lord, you are more costly than gold.
Lord, you are more precious than silver.
And nothing I desire compares with you.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
We're so grateful.
I don't know what to do with it, Lord.
I don't know where to go from here.
I just sit there resting on him.
Rest in him.
I want to know if that angel wants to say anything else.
I'm waiting.
Let's look at...
do you have anything else to say?
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, oh God.
I will fear no evil, for you are with me.
I will fear no evil, for you are with us.
He is with us.
He is in us.
My God is for me.
And who can be against us in every area of our life?
If God is for me, who can be against me?
Thank you, Lord.
Perfect love casteth out all fear, for fear has torment.
Thank you, Lord, for love.
Love never fails.
Thank you, Jesus.
I think we're done.
You know, I'm always trying to be very sensitive to this.
You don't just rush when you've seen something like that.
But I believe we've done it.
He wants people not to give up on their marriage.
He wants people to walk in love.
Hallelujah.
Well, thank you for joining us tonight.
We appreciate every single one of you.
You all come and hang out with us and pray.
We're so grateful that you would show up and want to be a part of our prayer group.
It's an honor.
Jesus is so wonderful, and I'm so thankful that you all spend your night with us every night out there on YouTube.
I'm so grateful for every one of y'all.
It's changed our lives.
We're enjoying it.
We were always going to pray regardless, but it's nice to pray with y'all.
Pray for your marriages.
I'm thankful that he shows us that which is to come, giving you a refreshing.
I'm still camped around that angel.
I'm still looking at him and just, wow.
The vision is right there.
I can see it.
It's a portal.
It's like an open space right here.
I can see it right there.
It's like I could touch it, but it's not lifted all the way yet.
And that's why I'm just kind of like, well, what do I do with it?
Because he's still standing there.
Lord, you're so amazing.
I can see it as clear as I can see Braden, too.
All I can describe to you is it's like a wormhole.
It's an opening.
And I can see that angel, and he's standing there at attention.
He's looking at heaven.
That's amazing.
I'm thankful.
I wish there was like a little plug, you know, those things on the internet, you can put it in there and you can see what I'm seeing.
You know, this HDMI or whatever it's called, like plug it in, you can see it because that is the coolest thing ever.
I'm just so grateful that the Father would let me see that.
What is he doing, though?
He's waiting for something.
How long's he been waiting there, Lord?
He's standing at attention, looking.
But then he spoke.
But the coolest thing he said was, "I've been assigned to you.
" What are you going to do?
Probably he'll talk to me about it whenever this is over.
What he's for.
I'm sure it's something to do with us.
You don't want to talk about it right now on this live stream, but I'm never in a hurry like that.
We sure love y'all.
God bless you.
I don't know what to say, Lord.
I see it.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
For your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I give glory to your name, oh Lord.
We sing praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Everything shifted right then.
I see Eagle Mountain.
A great shifting you're about to see.
Everything that you've ever known is about to change.
Everything.
There's a great storm.
Don't look at the great storm.
Keep your eyes on me.
For I've warned you: a great shaking you will see that will bring you to your knees.
And these things must come for the coming of my Son.
Take heed to that which I've said, for don't look at it as dread.
For I'll give you angelic hosts and aid and assistance to walk you through this time.
Stay focused.
Stay focused on me.
I told you a great shaking would come.
Hold fast to that which I've called you to do.
A great storm, an escalation.
It's interesting.
People ask, 'What were you seeing about Eagle Mountain?
' I saw change there.
When I say that word, it has great weight to it.
Change.
Do you see?
Like when you take those things and you shut it, change.
But most of them will think, 'This is a great alarm.
' Do you hear what He says?
He says a great alarm will go off inside of them.
A great alarm will go off; they should be alarmed, for a great alarm will go off inside of them.
Change, and this is not just about that.
He's talking about the body.
For great new faces.
You will see new faces.
I want you to hear what I'm hearing in the Word of Faith.
There's a great shifting coming.
New faces, a shifting from what we've known.
I'm talking about the Hagin circles; I don't name names.
A shifting of people; a shifting that is a sifting.
I hear by the Spirit of God, you're going to see a sifting of things that will change.
Things are changing, and I'm rearranging that which you see.
Hold fast, my son.
Hold fast to that which is to come.
There's a great shaking, a storm.
I can see it.
A great storm over the earth.
Don't lose the course.
Now He said, 'I'm done.
' Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord if you're still here.
Glory to God for every single one of you.
The Lord said, 'I'm done with what I wanted to say to you, son.
' But I'm telling you all, glory to God, I won't say anything else now.
Thank you for joining us.
Please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
I leave it with that because it's so important in helping us spread the Gospel throughout the whole world.
We know, as I see, Jesus is coming, folks.
He's coming, and I'm excited you're here.
We have much to pray about.
Tonight was a little different, but it was beautiful.
There's so much to what He showed me tonight, and I'm so thankful that He chose me to show it to.
I'm thankful for every single one of you being a part of it—all 5,500 of you.
I know it's late.
Remember, we love you.
Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and Diana and I love you.
We all love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.